onDraw start - doDrawing = false
onDraw end - doDrawing = false
onMotion - doDrawing = false
onMotion - doDrawing = false
onMotion - doDrawing = false
onMotion - doDrawing = false
onMotion - doDrawing = false
onMotion - doDrawing = false
onMotion - doDrawing = false
onMotion - doDrawing = false
onMotion - doDrawing = false
onMotion - doDrawing = false
onMotion - doDrawing = false
onMotion - doDrawing = false
onMotion - doDrawing = false
onMotion - doDrawing = false
onMotion - doDrawing = false
onMotion - doDrawing = false
onMotion - doDrawing = false
onMotion - doDrawing = false
onMotion - doDrawing = false
onMotion - doDrawing = false
onMotion - doDrawing = false
onMotion - doDrawing = false
onMotion - doDrawing = false
onMotion - doDrawing = false
onMotion - doDrawing = false
onMotion - doDrawing = false
onMotion - doDrawing = false
onMotion - doDrawing = false
onMotion - doDrawing = false
onMotion - doDrawing = false
onMotion - doDrawing = false
onMotion - doDrawing = false
onMotion - doDrawing = false
onMotion - doDrawing = false
onMotion - doDrawing = false
onMotion - doDrawing = false
onMotion - doDrawing = false
onMotion - doDrawing = false
onMotion - doDrawing = false
onMotion - doDrawing = false
onMotion - doDrawing = false
onMotion - doDrawing = false
onMotion - doDrawing = false
onMotion - doDrawing = false
onMotion - doDrawing = false
onMotion - doDrawing = false
onMotion - doDrawing = false
onMotion - doDrawing = false
onMotion - doDrawing = false
onMotion - doDrawing = false
onMotion - doDrawing = false
onMotion - doDrawing = false
onMotion - doDrawing = false
onMotion - doDrawing = false
onMotion - doDrawing = false
onMotion - doDrawing = false
onMotion - doDrawing = false
onMotion - doDrawing = false
onMotion - doDrawing = false
onMotion - doDrawing = false
onMotion - doDrawing = false
onMotion - doDrawing = false
onMotion - doDrawing = false
onMotion - doDrawing = false
onMotion - doDrawing = false
onMotion - doDrawing = false
onMotion - doDrawing = false
onMotion - doDrawing = false
onMotion - doDrawing = false
onMotion - doDrawing = false
onMotion - doDrawing = false
onMotion - doDrawing = false
onMotion - doDrawing = false
onMotion - doDrawing = false
onMotion - doDrawing = false
onMotion - doDrawing = false
onMotion - doDrawing = false
onMotion - doDrawing = false
onMotion - doDrawing = false
onMotion - doDrawing = false
onMotion - doDrawing = false
onMotion - doDrawing = false
onMotion - doDrawing = false
onMotion - doDrawing = false
onMotion - doDrawing = false
onMotion - doDrawing = false
onMotion - doDrawing = false
onMotion - doDrawing = false
onMousePress start - doDrawing = false
onMousePress end - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMousePress start - doDrawing = true
onMousePress end - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMousePress start - doDrawing = true
onMousePress end - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onDraw start - doDrawing = true
onDraw end - doDrawing = true
onDraw start - doDrawing = true
onDraw end - doDrawing = true
onDraw start - doDrawing = true
onDraw end - doDrawing = true
onDraw start - doDrawing = true
onDraw end - doDrawing = true
onDraw start - doDrawing = true
onDraw end - doDrawing = true
onDraw start - doDrawing = true
onDraw end - doDrawing = true
onDraw start - doDrawing = true
onDraw end - doDrawing = true
onDraw start - doDrawing = true
onDraw end - doDrawing = true
onDraw start - doDrawing = true
onDraw end - doDrawing = true
onDraw start - doDrawing = true
onDraw end - doDrawing = true
onDraw start - doDrawing = true
onDraw end - doDrawing = true
onDraw start - doDrawing = true
onDraw end - doDrawing = true
onDraw start - doDrawing = true
onDraw end - doDrawing = true
onDraw start - doDrawing = true
onDraw end - doDrawing = true
onDraw start - doDrawing = true
onDraw end - doDrawing = true
onDraw start - doDrawing = true
onDraw end - doDrawing = true
onDraw start - doDrawing = true
onDraw end - doDrawing = true
onDraw start - doDrawing = true
onDraw end - doDrawing = true
onDraw start - doDrawing = true
onDraw end - doDrawing = true
onDraw start - doDrawing = true
onDraw end - doDrawing = true
onDraw start - doDrawing = true
onDraw end - doDrawing = true
onDraw start - doDrawing = true
onDraw end - doDrawing = true
onDraw start - doDrawing = true
onDraw end - doDrawing = true
onDraw start - doDrawing = true
onDraw end - doDrawing = true
onDraw start - doDrawing = true
onDraw end - doDrawing = true
onDraw start - doDrawing = true
onDraw end - doDrawing = true
onDraw start - doDrawing = true
onDraw end - doDrawing = true
onDraw start - doDrawing = true
onDraw end - doDrawing = true
onDraw start - doDrawing = true
onDraw end - doDrawing = true
onDraw start - doDrawing = true
onDraw end - doDrawing = true
onDraw start - doDrawing = true
onDraw end - doDrawing = true
onDraw start - doDrawing = true
onDraw end - doDrawing = true
onDraw start - doDrawing = true
onDraw end - doDrawing = true
onDraw start - doDrawing = true
onDraw end - doDrawing = true
onDraw start - doDrawing = true
onDraw end - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onDraw start - doDrawing = true
onDraw end - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onDraw start - doDrawing = true
onDraw end - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onDraw start - doDrawing = true
onDraw end - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onDraw start - doDrawing = true
onDraw end - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onDraw start - doDrawing = true
onDraw end - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onDraw start - doDrawing = true
onDraw end - doDrawing = true
onDraw start - doDrawing = true
onDraw end - doDrawing = true
onDraw start - doDrawing = true
onDraw end - doDrawing = true
onDraw start - doDrawing = true
onDraw end - doDrawing = true
onDraw start - doDrawing = true
onDraw end - doDrawing = true
onDraw start - doDrawing = true
onDraw end - doDrawing = true
onDraw start - doDrawing = true
onDraw end - doDrawing = true
onDraw start - doDrawing = true
onDraw end - doDrawing = true
onMousePress start - doDrawing = true
onMousePress end - doDrawing = true
onDraw start - doDrawing = true
onDraw end - doDrawing = true
onDraw start - doDrawing = true
onDraw end - doDrawing = true
onDraw start - doDrawing = true
onDraw end - doDrawing = true
onDraw start - doDrawing = true
onDraw end - doDrawing = true
onDraw start - doDrawing = true
onDraw end - doDrawing = true
onDraw start - doDrawing = true
onDraw end - doDrawing = true
onDraw start - doDrawing = true
onDraw end - doDrawing = true
onDraw start - doDrawing = true
onDraw end - doDrawing = true
onDraw start - doDrawing = true
onDraw end - doDrawing = true
onDraw start - doDrawing = true
onDraw end - doDrawing = true
onDraw start - doDrawing = true
onDraw end - doDrawing = true
onDraw start - doDrawing = true
onDraw end - doDrawing = true
onDraw start - doDrawing = true
onDraw end - doDrawing = true
onDraw start - doDrawing = true
onDraw end - doDrawing = true
onDraw start - doDrawing = true
onDraw end - doDrawing = true
onDraw start - doDrawing = true
onDraw end - doDrawing = true
onDraw start - doDrawing = true
onDraw end - doDrawing = true
onDraw start - doDrawing = true
onDraw end - doDrawing = true
onDraw start - doDrawing = true
onDraw end - doDrawing = true
onDraw start - doDrawing = true
onDraw end - doDrawing = true
onDraw start - doDrawing = true
onDraw end - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onDraw start - doDrawing = true
onDraw end - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onDraw start - doDrawing = true
onDraw end - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onDraw start - doDrawing = true
onDraw end - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onDraw start - doDrawing = true
onDraw end - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onDraw start - doDrawing = true
onDraw end - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onDraw start - doDrawing = true
onDraw end - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onDraw start - doDrawing = true
onDraw end - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onDraw start - doDrawing = true
onDraw end - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onDraw start - doDrawing = true
onDraw end - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onDraw start - doDrawing = true
onDraw end - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onDraw start - doDrawing = true
onDraw end - doDrawing = true
onDraw start - doDrawing = true
onDraw end - doDrawing = true
onMousePress start - doDrawing = true
onMousePress end - doDrawing = true
onDraw start - doDrawing = true
onDraw end - doDrawing = true
onDraw start - doDrawing = true
onDraw end - doDrawing = true
onDraw start - doDrawing = true
onDraw end - doDrawing = true
onDraw start - doDrawing = true
onDraw end - doDrawing = true
onDraw start - doDrawing = true
onDraw end - doDrawing = true
onDraw start - doDrawing = true
onDraw end - doDrawing = true
onDraw start - doDrawing = true
onDraw end - doDrawing = true
onDraw start - doDrawing = true
onDraw end - doDrawing = true
onDraw start - doDrawing = true
onDraw end - doDrawing = true
onDraw start - doDrawing = true
onDraw end - doDrawing = true
onDraw start - doDrawing = true
onDraw end - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onDraw start - doDrawing = true
onDraw end - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onDraw start - doDrawing = true
onDraw end - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onDraw start - doDrawing = true
onDraw end - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onDraw start - doDrawing = true
onDraw end - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onDraw start - doDrawing = true
onDraw end - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = true
onMotion - doDrawing = 